docs: use a shorter SHOW VARIABLES example (#23177)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-variables.md

## Examples

> The following example shows some TiDB statement summary global variables. For detailed descriptions, refer to [System Variables](/system-variables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use the `SHOW [GLOBAL|SESSION] VARIABLES` statement to show variables whose names match a specific pattern. For detailed descriptions of these variables, see [System Variables](/system-variables.md).
```

> The following example demonstrates how to use the `SHOW [GLOBAL|SESSION] VARIABLES` statement to show variables whose names match a specific pattern. For detailed descriptions of these variables, see [System Variables](/system-variables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to use the `SHOW [GLOBAL|SESSION] VARIABLES` statement to show variables whose names or values match a specific pattern. For detailed descriptions of these variables, see [System Variables](/system-variables.md).
```
